Update README.md (#1747)
exercism/problem-specifications: README.md

- Exercises _must_ contain tests that cover the public interface of the exercise (also thought of as "application tests").
- Exercises _may_ contain tests that cover the private or lower-level interface of the exercise (sometimes refered to as "library tests").

- Test cases are immutable, which means that once a test case has been added, it never changes. There are a couple of exceptions:

>   - The `description` field _can_ be mutated and thus does not require adding a new test case when changing its value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `description` field _can_ be mutated to fix clarify the test or fix typos, in which case it does not require adding a new test case when changing its value. If the material meaning of the description changes, a new test is required.
```

Author: I'd rather not add this, as I feel it is vague enough to potentially lead to interpretation issues. There is also not much risk involved in renaming a description for the following reasons:

1. Each PR requires three people to approve before it can be merged. This significantly decreases the chance of weird things being merged.
2. Tracks can now use the `uuid` property to identify a test case. In fact, allowing the description to be changed might discourage tracks from doing so :)

So I'd like to merge this _as is_. If it turns out this leads to any problematic situations, we can always make the rule more strict.

Reviewer 2: I think #1746 vs #1744 are good examples and would be caught by at least one person, I think.
